the attacks began at dawn Palestinian
militants in
Gaza fired thousands of rockets at
Targets in southern Israel not all of
them could be intercepted by Israel's
Iron Dome defense
system at the same time hundreds of
Hamas Fighters broke through the Border
fence into
Israel the attackers also used combat
drones the goal according to Hamas make
Israel
[Music]
bleed we have decided to put an end to
Israel's misdeeds with God's
help Israel called up hundreds of
thousands of military
reservists citizens of Israel we are at
War not in an operation but at
War the enemy will pay an unprecedented
price in the meantime I call on the
citizens of Israel to strictly adhere to
the directives of the IDF and Home Front
command we are at War and we will
win it's sad it's tragic we're at War
and I don't know when it will all
end shortly after the rocket attacks
Israel launched air strikes against
Hammer Targets in Gaza the beginning of
operation iron
sword several buildings were flattened
in the densely populated Gaza
City everyone flat when the shell
started we woke up to the sounds of
rockets we have little children we've
experienced five Wars before and know
all about
it Israeli air strikes continued
throughout the
night and so did the rocket Fire coming
from
Gaza and it gets worse this woman woman
said to be an Israeli soldier is just
one of dozens of hostages seized by the
militants after they invaded Israel vs
retribution Hamas was more barbaric and
more brutal than
Isis scenes of Terror at a rave in the
desert Hamas terrorists opened fire on
the crowds and chased people down taking
hostages one woman said hid in a Citrus
Grove to stay
alive this video shows a terrified young
woman driven away on a motorbike by
Fighters while her partner is marched
away his hands tied behind his
back the aftermath hundreds of dead
bodies charred Vehicles along the
road a few were lucky this footage
purportedly shows a hostage rescue
Israeli forces freeing people after a
fierce gun battle with
Hamas foreign Nationals were also taken
one host's mother made an appeal from
Germany we were sent a video in which I
clearly recognized my daughter she said
unconscious in a car with the
Palestinians who drove along the Gaza
Strip I am asking for any news or help
to please be sent to
us Israeli tanks Gather in fields
outside
Gaza we are imposing a Complete Siege on
Gaza there will be no electricity no
food no water no fuel everything will be
closed we are fighting against human
animals and we are acting
accordingly hospitals in Gaza are
already feeling the effects of the
blockade they're running out of critical
supplies to treat the many injured by
the ongoing
strikes unfortunately the amount of
medical supplies we need to deal with
these injuries is
insufficient this is the stot police
station or what's left of it and it's
the scene of one of the biggest battles
during this ordeal Hamas militants were
held up inside and the Israeli military
were caught up in a 20-hour gun
battle I've been through BS but not
nothing like this nothing like animals
and and or Slaughters and and butchers
our kids and
sisters and our father and our children
and our
babies and everything such a cruelty
Israel has responded to the attacks with
massive air strikes on the Gaza Strip
the Israeli government told gazans to
evacuate but the territory is trapped
between Israel and Egypt and the
Sea we'd fled to escape death there were
continuous air strikes the Israelis told
us to come down to kanun but we only
found death there in t aiv yamari has
also been looking for her friend Ram he
was working at the festival they have
known each other since they were
teenagers in the text message he says
that he he loves them his
family um but he's in a container uh
there are a lot of terrorists outside
lots of gunshots outside and it does not
seem like they are going to make it out
of their life friends and family scoured
social media for a sign of Life they
didn't know what had happened to him but
then a text message
arrives
um I was just asking Ram's wife L if um
if she can send me one of his pictures
so I can uh so I can send it to you it's
from their wedding day and
um and uh she says that they they told
them now officially that he's
dead um his family knows already he's
one of the many killed in this
attack Israel says it has destroyed the
homes of many members of Hamas the
militant islamist group viewed as a
terrorist organization by the EU and the
US it has also imposed a Siege on the
Gaza Strip stopping the supply of food
Fuel and
medicines how is this our fault what did
my children do there's no electricity
internet food or water
why how are you distinguishing between
Hamas terrorists your enemy and innocent
civilians the idea of is targeting Hamas
military targets the problem is and
we've been saying this for years that
Hamas is hiding behind their people the
crisis prompted prime minister Benyamin
Netanyahu to put aside political
differences and form an emergency
government
the state of Israel will be the
strongest state in the region Israel's
Western allies are also rallying round
like UK foreign secretary James cleverly
seen here running for cover during a red
alert see you sorry it's under these
circumstances thank
you we're here we're not going anywhere
in these moment at this moment there is
only one place for Germany at the side
of
Israel so too Jews around the world like
worshippers here in France praying for
[Music]
Israel while Muslims rallied for
Palestinians in
Bangladesh
Malaysia and
Egypt sorrow fear and anger tears
through the diaspora on both
sides